[EV-3557] Policy Recommendation Scope resource definition (#579)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/reference/resources/policyrecommendations.mdx

import Rule from '@site/calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.16/_includes/content/_rule.mdx';

> Policy recommendation scope represents a collection of configuration options used to control the [policy recommendation](../../network-policy/recommendations/policy-recommendations.mdx) engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy recommendation scope is a collection of configuration options to control the [policy recommendation](../../network-policy/recommendations/policy-recommendations.mdx) engine.
```

### Spec

| Field                  | Description                                                  | Accepted Values | Schema | Default        |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- | ------ | -------------- |
| Interval               | The frequency to create and refine policy recommendations.   |                 |        | 2.5m (minutes) |
| InitialLookback        | Start time to look at flow logs when first creating a policy recommendation. |                 |        | 24h (hours)    |
| StabilizationPeriod    | Time that a recommended policy should remain unchanged so it is stable and ready to be enforced. |                 |        | 10m (minutes)  |

#### NamespaceSpec

| Field                  | Description                                                  | Accepted Values | Schema | Default        |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- | ------ | -------------- |
| recStatus              | Defines the policy recommendation engine status.             | Enabled/Disabled |        | Disabled       |

> | selector               | Selects the namespaces for which to generate recommendations for. |                 |        | `!(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''tigera-'') && !(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''calico-'') && !(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''kube-'')`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| selector               | Selects the namespaces for generating recommendations. |                 |        | `!(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''tigera-'') && !(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''calico-'') && !(projectcalico.org/name starts with ''kube-'')`    |
```
